Hi,
I am ANTU KUNDU, a student of INFORAMTION TECHNOLOGY of RCC INSTITUTE OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, Kolkata, India. The Jobportal website(link: https://antukundujobportal.000webhostapp.com/) is made by me. This .txt file is the documentation of the Portal. Please Read this documentation throughoutly before accessing the portal or website.

My website consists of the following panels:

1. Home: It is the homepage of my website.
2. Hiring now: Here you can see the posted jobs and can apply for centain jobs. When you apply for centain jobs, it will take you to the "Apply Now" page, basically it is a sign up page, where you can registered yourself to the website by giving your personal information and  can set your own user name & password to log in through user login panel.
3. Contact: Here you can find my contact information such as my contact no., email-id, home address and my own portfolio website (link: https://antukundu1.wixsite.com/mysite). Basically, this panel is for contact purpose.
4. User Login: Through this panel, you can login to your profile to see your personal information which you had submitted and your job status(pending/approved). In this panel, there is an another section that is "change password", where you can change your current password.
5. Admin Login: When you click this certain link, it will take you to "Login to Admin Portal". You can login the panel using The username: admin, password: admin123.
It will take you to the home page dashboard. There is no function of dashboard, it is only for the landing page reason. In the panel you will see the following subpanels:

1. Add Company details: Here you can add the details for a particular company.
2. Create Job vacancy: Here you can post a job vacancy and can edit a job vacancy.
3. Employee Status: Here you can see the status of your current employee by adding a new employee or also you can edit the employee details.
4. Applicant Status: Here you can view the job seeker details and can remove the job seekers also, who are suitable for the post. You can also see the job-wise 		     applications.
5. Catagory: Here you can see the list of catagories of different catagories of jobs, and can also add a new job catagory in there.
6. Manage Users: Here you can see the list of admin & can add a new admin user.

On the right site of the User panel, There is a small panel, where the admin can see his profile (he can change his profile details also in there) and can sign out from the admin panel.
N.B: It is recommanded to open the admin panel in Desktop mode of mobile. It will be better if you access my website in Desktop/Laptop.

That's all you have to know to access my jobportal website.

Thnaks & regards,
ANTU KUNDU,
mail-id: antukundu1@gmail.com
A tech enthusiast...
 